We should think about how our page is
loading up right now we have a few things
on here.
So we have this it's taking forever
to load because of the delay.
So that delay,
then we have this component coming in.
We kind of want to handle this delay
because we're about to add this task card
on here, and that's gonna have
another requirement for data fetching.
Although it's not blocking the page like
Good projects is it's gonna be more how
the greeting card is it'll just
render when it gets there.
But that delay right there that strong
delay while it's loading, right here,
this one.
Yes, we see the projects here because it's
cached, but it won't always be there.
It's just because it's cached.
I'm gonna localhost and And whatnot.
So we should probably set up a loader for
this page.
So what we'll do is we'll
go to App Dashboard and
then home right next to page.
We can make a loader or.
Loading dot TSX what what was that
Why did it do that it just made a new VS
code okay there we go that was weird
I've never seen before I got to start
this thing over again, okay.
So all this is going to be is just your
classic loader whatever you want to put
a spinner the word loading.
It doesn't matter.
I did make one for us and
we could talk about it, but
it's mostly just using tailwind.
So I'm just gonna pace it in.
And it's just a loader.
It's just using the animate spin on a
circle with a dashboard sitting in a card.
That's all it is.
It's nothing crazy So
we have that now and for free,
if we just load up our page,
We should see a loader like that now.
Right?
That's because the Projects we're
loading in.
And the projects has like
a two second delay or
whatever delay I put on the projects I
forgot, but that's why you see that.
And then when we get in,
we see the greetings take four or
five seconds to load in because
I put the delay on that.
All right so you literally get granular
control over what's loading and
how it's loading and what's blocking and
what's not blocking.
All right And then for the task page,
I guess, forgot to put a,
a slide for it in here cuz we
could just add it to the project.
It's nothing really special.
So what we'll do is just
go to the home page,
scroll down to where it says task here.
Get rid of that.
And you can just bring in a task card.
Export mine, I forgot to export my.
There we go.
It was bring that in,
it's safe and see if anything broke.
Boom.
There we go, now we got a task card.
And remember this one loads
very similar to this one,
so we would need a skeleton for
that one or
a shimmer if we wanna handle
the loading state for it.